add documentation around confirmClose (#10)
trellisconnect/js-sdk-docs: README.md

      // Your trellis API Client-Id
      client_id: '<API_CLIENT_ID>',

>       // The `closeConfirmation` property controls the close confirmation screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Set `closeConfirmation` to `false` to have users skip the confirmation dialog after clicking the close button.
```

Reviewer: This is probably more concise of a comment?
